readme.md, before:

This repository creates an image gallery using Stencil and Ionic 4 components with Redux for state management.

# Instructions

Make sure you are use node 11.x and NPM >=6.4, if you use NVM: `nvm use v11` 

### Install dependencies:
`npm install -g stencil`
`npm install -g yarn` Yarn is required to resolve an issue with redux-thunk losing its redux dependency.


To start, run `yarn install && npm run start`. Once the build is complete it will open a browser window and load the app from localhost.

This has been tested in Chrome and Safari.


## TODO:
The next steps that I still hope to get to are:
 - to support multiple tags (currently treating all tags seperated by `|` as a single value) and add a toggle to only show active images
 - Have fun with Ionic theming. Using the sass plugin for stencil led to a world of problems relating to the node sass implementation.
 - Convert the list items to ionic cards
 - Get unit tests 
 - Some CSS transitions would be nice 




# Built With Ionic PWA Toolkit Beta

The PWA Toolkit is a starting point for building Progressive Web Apps using Ionic and Stencil.
This combination of tools gives you the ability to build a fast, efficient PWA out of the box.

Note: This project is **Beta** and uses a beta release of `@ionic/core`.

For more info check out our [homepage](https://ionicframework.com/pwa/toolkit)!

## Features

* `@ionic/core` for the UI.
* Stencil for the application logic and routing
* Push Notifications setup
* Unit Tests
* Pre-rendering
* Lazy-loading and code splitting
* Intelligent Polyfills
* Modern mode: ES6/ESM for new browser, ES5 for older
* Service Worker, App manifest, iOS meta tags
* Theming using CSS variables

## Getting Started

To start building, clone this repo to a new directory:

```bash
npm init stencil ionic-pwa
```


## Production

To build for production, run:

```bash
npm run build
```

A production build includes:

* Minified code bundles
* Generated Service workers
* App manifest

## Hosting

Apps should be hosted on through HTTPS, and if possible, through a provider that supports HTTP2.
One provider that does support this is [Firebase Hosting](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting/).

## H2 Push

We recommend setting up HTTP2 Push on Firebase. H2 Push may sound complicated, but it's actually a simple concept. To learn about it, take a look at this [article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP/2_Server_Push).

To set this up for `my-app`:

* Do a production build of the app: `npm run build`
* Serve your WWW folder locally using a local http server and open in your browser.
  * https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server works pretty well for this. You can serve your www folder by running `http-server www`.
* Open the DevTools and look at the network tab.
  * Reload the page and you should see all of your files show up in the network tab. Excluding the `sw.js` file, these are the files you want to H2 push.
* List these files in the link headers of your firebase.json file. For a syntax reference, review this [article](https://w3c.github.io/preload/#server-push-http-2)

## Service Workers

Service workers are generated via the Stencil build tool. For more information on how they can be configured, see the [Service Worker docs](https://stenciljs.com/docs/service-workers).

## Developing with a Service Worker

For most cases, you'll want to develop your app without generating a Service Worker. But if you'd like to test out Web Push Notifications or Background Sync, you'll need to have one generated. To generate a Service Worker during dev builds, we've added the npm script:

```
npm run start.sw
```

This will start a dev build and generate a Service Worker as well.

## Unit Tests

To run the unit tests once, run:

```bash
npm test
```

To run the unit tests and watch for file changes during development, run:

```bash
npm run test.watch
```

## Testing your PWA's performance

We recommend using https://www.webpagetest.org/easy with the `Run Lighthouse Audit` option turned on.
This will give you an in depth look into your app's load performance on the average device connected to the average network.
For more info on how to use webpagetest check out [this article](https://zoompf.com/blog/2015/07/the-seo-experts-guide-to-web-performance-using-webpagetest-2)

Commit message:

Added toggle for displaying active images

readme.md, after:

This repository creates an image gallery using Stencil and Ionic 4 components with Redux for state management.

# Instructions

Make sure you are use node 11.x and NPM >=6.4, if you use NVM: `nvm use v11` 

### Install dependencies:
`npm install -g stencil`
`npm install -g yarn` Yarn is required to resolve an issue with redux-thunk losing its redux dependency.


To start, run `yarn install && npm run start`. Once the build is complete it will open a browser window and load the app from localhost.

This has been tested in Chrome and Safari.


## TODO:
The next steps that I still hope to get to are:
 - to support multiple tags (currently treating all tags seperated by `|` as a single value)
 - Have fun with Ionic theming. Using the sass plugin for stencil led to a world of problems relating to the node sass implementation.
 - Convert the list items to ionic cards.
 - Get unit tests - note the ones present are the product of the Ionic PWA starter boilerplate. 
 - Some CSS transitions would be nice. 




# Built With Ionic PWA Toolkit Beta

The PWA Toolkit is a starting point for building Progressive Web Apps using Ionic and Stencil.
This combination of tools gives you the ability to build a fast, efficient PWA out of the box.

Note: This project is **Beta** and uses a beta release of `@ionic/core`.

For more info check out our [homepage](https://ionicframework.com/pwa/toolkit)!

## Features

* `@ionic/core` for the UI.
* Stencil for the application logic and routing
* Push Notifications setup
* Unit Tests
* Pre-rendering
* Lazy-loading and code splitting
* Intelligent Polyfills
* Modern mode: ES6/ESM for new browser, ES5 for older
* Service Worker, App manifest, iOS meta tags
* Theming using CSS variables

## Getting Started

To start building, clone this repo to a new directory:

```bash
npm init stencil ionic-pwa
```


## Production

To build for production, run:

```bash
npm run build
```

A production build includes:

* Minified code bundles
* Generated Service workers
* App manifest

## Hosting

Apps should be hosted on through HTTPS, and if possible, through a provider that supports HTTP2.
One provider that does support this is [Firebase Hosting](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting/).

## H2 Push

We recommend setting up HTTP2 Push on Firebase. H2 Push may sound complicated, but it's actually a simple concept. To learn about it, take a look at this [article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP/2_Server_Push).

To set this up for `my-app`:

* Do a production build of the app: `npm run build`
* Serve your WWW folder locally using a local http server and open in your browser.
  * https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server works pretty well for this. You can serve your www folder by running `http-server www`.
* Open the DevTools and look at the network tab.
  * Reload the page and you should see all of your files show up in the network tab. Excluding the `sw.js` file, these are the files you want to H2 push.
* List these files in the link headers of your firebase.json file. For a syntax reference, review this [article](https://w3c.github.io/preload/#server-push-http-2)

## Service Workers

Service workers are generated via the Stencil build tool. For more information on how they can be configured, see the [Service Worker docs](https://stenciljs.com/docs/service-workers).

## Developing with a Service Worker

For most cases, you'll want to develop your app without generating a Service Worker. But if you'd like to test out Web Push Notifications or Background Sync, you'll need to have one generated. To generate a Service Worker during dev builds, we've added the npm script:

```
npm run start.sw
```

This will start a dev build and generate a Service Worker as well.

## Unit Tests

To run the unit tests once, run:

```bash
npm test
```

To run the unit tests and watch for file changes during development, run:

```bash
npm run test.watch
```

## Testing your PWA's performance

We recommend using https://www.webpagetest.org/easy with the `Run Lighthouse Audit` option turned on.
This will give you an in depth look into your app's load performance on the average device connected to the average network.
For more info on how to use webpagetest check out [this article](https://zoompf.com/blog/2015/07/the-seo-experts-guide-to-web-performance-using-webpagetest-2)
